Q: Why did I receive a credit card?
A: The credit card from Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is associated with the account you applied for when you recently financed a purchase. Use this card as a convenient way to make future purchases at participating businesses on the credit card program. If you didn't apply for a credit card account with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., please contact us at 1-877-805-7744. For your protection, sign the back of your credit card and keep it in a secure location. If you haven't received your card within 7 – 10 days of being approved for credit, call 1-877-805-7744, Monday – Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time.

Q: Is this a one-time loan?
A: No, this is a credit card account financed through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and monthly payments are required as long as you have an account balance. You can use your available credit over and over at participating businesses.

Q: What is the difference between this card and a general-purpose credit card?
A: This credit card, issued through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., is used for financing purchases at participating businesses that may offer special financing options. A general purpose credit card can be used for multiple types of purchases anywhere that card is accepted, but it generally doesn't offer special financing options. Please review your statement and materials that came with your credit card if you'd like more information.

Q: Where can I use this card?
A: You can use your card again where you opened your account. For certain credit card programs, you may be able to find other businesses where you can use your card to finance additional products and services. Please review your statement and materials that came with your credit card for more details.

Q: Are there additional features of this card that I should be aware of?
A: Yes! Eligible Wells Fargo Online ® customers get free access 1 to Credit Close-Up ® which includes: Learn more

Q: When do my promotional terms end?
A: It depends on the type of financing promotion you have, but the date your special terms end is shown on your statement . Remember, reduced rate and 0% APR promotions apply to your financed purchase until the balance is paid in full. If you financed with a No Interest if Paid in Full promotion, interest accrues on the purchase balance at the regular APR for Purchases from the date of purchase on any outstanding balance. Paying only the minimum monthly payment will not pay off the purchase balance before the end of the promotional period. But, you won't pay any interest charges as long as you pay the purchase balance in full within the promotional period.

Q: What does Regular Terms mean, and when does it apply?
A: Regular terms means the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases stated in your cardholder terms and conditions and will apply toward:

Q: How do I request a credit limit increase?
A: Please call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744 to request a higher credit limit.

Q: Why is my account closed?
A: Please call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744.

Q: Why did I get a call about my account?
A: We call cardholders to verify that their financed product or service has been received, to make sure customers are satisfied with their purchase, and to confirm that their account has been charged correctly. Please call us back at 1-800-378-6755, Monday – Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time to follow up with us. If we don't have your correct mailing address, we may also call you or leave a message. Please return our call at 1-800-378-6755, Monday – Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time.

Q: What should I do if I suspect fraudulent charges on my credit card account?
A: We're here to help. Please call us at 1-877-805-7744, Monday - Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time, and a Customer Service representative will review your credit card account with you.

Q: Who do I contact if my card has been lost or stolen?
A: As a Wells Fargo customer, we're here to help you. Call our Customer Service department at 1-877-805-7744 so we can review your credit card account with you and guide you through the next steps.

Q: Who do I contact if I didn't apply for this credit card?
A: Please call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744 if you received a credit card in the mail but you haven't applied for a credit card account.

Q: How do I find my available credit, account balance, or credit limit?
A: There are a few different ways you can find this information:

Q: How long will my account remain open if I have paid off the balance and have not had any transactions for an extended period of time?
A: Generally, your account will remain open for approximately 16 months from the date of last activity. After that, it will be closed due to inactivity.

Q: When will I receive my first billing statement?
A: Within 45 days after making the first charge to your credit card account. If you'd rather receive Online Statements 2 going forward, choose this option at Wells Fargo Online . If you're already set up for an online account, check there to review if a statement has generated. If you don't have an online account, set up one now. If you don't receive your statement in the mail within 45 days, please call us at 1-877-805-7744, Monday - Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time.

Q: Why didn't I receive my billing statement?
A: You may not have received a billing statement if: If you think we have an incorrect address, you may
                update it on Wells Fargo Online or call us at 1-877-805-7744,
                Monday - Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time. If you
                don't receive your statement in the mail within 45 days
                of your first purchase, please call us at
                1-877-805-7744. Keep in mind, you won't receive a
                billing statement until a charge is posted to your
                account.

Q: Can I stop receiving paper statements in the mail?
A: Absolutely. You can choose Online Statements 4 through Wells Fargo
                Online. We'll even send you email notifications when
                your statements are available.

Q: How can I get my statements online?
A: It's easy. Sign on to Wells Fargo Online or sign up if you haven't already. Then, choose Online Statements 4 for your account from the Manage Delivery Preferences page.

Q: What if I have
            questions reading my statement?
A: Review this guide to help you understand each part of your statement.

Q: Why am I
            getting my bill from Wells Fargo?
A: Since your credit card account is issued through
            Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., your bills will
            come from Wells Fargo.

Q: How can I receive my statement in Spanish or Braille?
A: Please call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744 to
            request your statement in Spanish or Braille. Large
            print, audio statements, and other alternative options
            are also available.

Q: What payment options are available?
A: You can make payments in a few ways:

Q: How do I make payments online?
A: If you already have a Wells Fargo Online profile with Wells
            Fargo, your credit card account will be automatically
            added to your profile. You don't need to set one up for
            your retail credit card account. If you don't have a Wells Fargo Online profile, you can add it once
            you have signed on. Sign up for Wells Fargo Online to make one-time
            online payments that will post the same day they're
            scheduled or to set up automatic payments. 5 Take the tour to learn more.

Q: How do I set up automatic payments?
A: You can set up automatic payments 5 through Wells Fargo Online. Or, you may call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744 to request the enrollment form. It can take 30 - 60 days to process your automatic payment enrollment form. Continue making the minimum payment until your statement reflects that the automatic payment has been set up within the Important Information section on your statement.

Q: How long should I allow for my payment to reach you?
A: We suggest allowing at least: Wells Fargo Online payments 3 - 5 business days using non-Wells Fargo bank accounts 1 business day for Wells Fargo Online payments paid using Wells Fargo bank accounts By mail: 7 - 10 business days By phone: Same day (for payments by Midnight,
            Pacific Time) You can choose to use a bill payment service other than
            Wells Fargo Online to make payments with us.
            Please refer to that service provider for the accuracy
            and timeliness of your online bill payments. For the
            other payment methods, please refer to the service
            provider for details. You can choose to use a bill payment service other than
            Wells Fargo Online to make payments with us.
            Please refer to that service provider for the accuracy
            and timeliness of your online bill payments. For the
            other payment methods, please refer to the service
            provider for details.

Q: What happens if my payment is late?
A: Please make sure we receive your payment on or before the due date on your statement. Otherwise, late fees and/or interest may be applied to your account. To avoid late fees, remember:

Q: Can I change my
            payment due date?
A: Yes, you may be able to change the date your minimum
            payment is due at Wells Fargo Online or by calling Customer Service at
            1-877-805-7744. Some limitations apply. Please note: You may change your
            payment due date once every 12 months, but the 3, 6, 10, 15, 19, 24, 26, 29, 30, and 31 of any month aren't available to select. It can take up to two billing cycles to process the due date change. You still need to pay your minimum payment by the due date reflected on your statement until the change is processed.

Q: Can I pay ahead on my account?
A: If you want to pay more than the minimum payment, you can do that any time, but you must make at least the
            minimum payment every billing cycle. For example, if your minimum payment amount is $40 and
            you pay $80 by the due date in January, that amount won't cover both January and February minimum payments.
            You must still make the $40 minimum payment by the
            February due date.

Q: How is my
            payment applied?
A: Your payment applies first to the minimum payment due (including past due amounts) for that billing cycle. Anything over the minimum payment due generally applies first to No Interest if Paid in Full (deferred interest) promotions in the last two billing cycles before the expiration date of the promotion (when applicable); then to regular term balances with the highest APR to the lowest APR; and then to all other sub-accounts based on expiration date. If you'd like to know how payments apply to your specific account, call us at 1-877-805-7744, Monday - Friday, 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Central Time.

Q: Can I pay off
            my credit card account early without a pre-payment penalty?
A: Yes, you may pay your outstanding balance in full at
            any time without penalty.

Q: Can I pay my
            bill with another credit/debit card?
A: No, we don't accept payments using credit or debit
            cards. Refer to the payment options that are available.

Q: Can I make a
            payment from more than one bank account?
A: Yes. When you schedule payments through Wells Fargo Online , you may add additional bank
            accounts that are in your name. You may also call
            Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744.

Q: What is Wells Fargo Online?
A: It's Wells Fargo's online banking system where you can
            securely access and manage your Wells Fargo
            accounts, pay your bills, review your statements 4 , and much
            more. Take the tour of Wells Fargo Online.

Q: How do I sign up for Wells Fargo Online?
A: If you already have a Wells Fargo Online profile, your credit card account will be automatically added to your profile. Or, you can add it once you have signed on. Sign up for Wells Fargo Online to review and
            manage your personal and business accounts securely
            online, anywhere or anytime you have internet access.
            You'll need your Social Security Number/ Individual Tax Identification Number ITIN, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. credit card account number, and
            email address. After answering a few questions during
            the sign-up process, you'll have an opportunity to
            create a username and password. Once you have created a username and password, you can sign on to Wells Fargo Online from your
            computer, mobile device, or tablet to access your
            eligible Wells Fargo accounts. In some cases, we may
            need to contact you by phone to complete the sign-up
            process. Once successfully signed up, you will receive
            confirmation by email or U.S. Mail.

Q: Can I use the
            same account that is set up for other Wells Fargo products?
A: Yes, if you already have a Wells Fargo Online profile, your credit card account will be added automatically.

Q: What can I do through Wells Fargo Online?
A: Access and manage your Wells Fargo accounts, make online payments, and much more. With an online transfer, you can make a one-time , same-day payment, or schedule a future payment to your credit card account. Payments made before Midnight, Pacific Time, are credited to your account on the same day. Or, set up automatic payments 5 . Your payment is automatically deducted from your deposit account. Choose to pay the minimum payment amount, your balance in full, or a specified dollar amount. Payments will be made automatically on your payment due date, starting after you receive notification of your automatic payments on your statement. You may also access your FICO ® Credit Score , Wells Fargo credit rating, and more 1 . Take the tour to review all of the features and tools available.

Q: How can I manage my automatic payments?
A: With automatic payments 5 , your payment is automatically
            deducted from your deposit account. Choose
            to pay the minimum payment amount, your balance in full,
            or a specified dollar amount. Set up automatic payments 5 through Wells Fargo Online . Or, you may call Customer Service
            at 1-877-805-7744 to request the enrollment form. It can
            take 30 - 60 days to process your automatic payment
            enrollment form. Continue making the
            minimum payment until your statement reflects that
            the automatic payment has been set up within the
            Important Information section on your statement. You may cancel your automatic payments 5 through Wells
            Fargo Online or by calling Customer Service at
            1-877-805-7744. To modify your automatic payments 5 ,
            please call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744. It can
            take 30 - 60 days to process your new automatic payment
            enrollment form. Your current automatic payment will
            stay in effect until your statement reflects that the
            new automatic payment has been set up within the
            Important Information section on your statement.

Q: When will my automatic payment be debited from my bank account?
A: Your automatic payment will be reflected on your
            account on your due date.

Q: What if I forgot my username or password?
A: We can remind you of your username, and you can create a new password online. If you're still having trouble signing on, please
            call Customer Service at 1-877-805-7744

Q: How can I check
            my payment due date, balance, available credit, and other
            important account information?
A: Sign on to Wells
            Fargo Online to review your account details. Or, open
            your most recent account statement 2 . You can find all of
            your important information there, too. If you're not
            sure where to look for specific information, this guide can
            help you understand each part of your statement.

Q: How do I update
            my personal information?
A: Sign
            on to Wells Fargo Online to update your
            email address, phone numbers, or address.

Q: Who should I
            contact if I have additional questions about my account?
A: There's a lot of information about your account on
            our site. But, if you have account questions you can't
            find answers to, please call our Customer Service
            department at 1-877-805-7744 so we can help you.

Q: Who should I contact if I need technical assistance?
A: If you need help with your online account, you can call Online Customer Service at 1-800-869-3557, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 1. You must be the primary account holder of an eligible Wells Fargo consumer account with a FICO® Score available, and enrolled in Wells
                Fargo Online®. Eligible Wells Fargo consumer accounts include deposit, loan, and credit accounts, but other consumer accounts may also be
                eligible. Contact Wells Fargo for details. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message
                and data rates may apply. Please note that the score provided under this service is for educational purposes and may not be the score used by Wells Fargo to make
                    credit decisions. Wells Fargo looks at many factors to determine your credit options; therefore, a specific FICO® Score or Wells Fargo credit
                    rating does not guarantee a specific loan rate, approval of a loan, or an upgrade on a credit card. 2. Sign-up may be required. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier’s message and data
                    rates may apply. 3. This calculator is for educational purposes only and is not a denial or approval of credit. 4. Online Statements require Adobe® Acrobat® PDF reader. For credit card accounts, Online Statements are available to view and
                download for up to 2 years. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message and data
                rates may apply. 5. Terms and conditions apply. Setup is required for transfers to other U.S. financial institutions, and verification may take 1–3 business
                    days. Customers should refer to their other U.S. financial institutions for information about any potential fees charged by those institutions.
                    Mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply. See Wells Fargo’s Online Access Agreement for more information. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries.

Q: Call Us
A: 1-877-805-7744 Monday - Friday, 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Central Time Equal Housing Lender © 2000 – Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC

